baga
Don't look
What is the strength of this lord in front of you?
If you don't kneel
Believe it or not, the sun god
Will kill you all
Baga turtle turtle
Don't kill me!
Yes, hahaha.
Can't wake up
If you three don't kneel again
I'll sell you to the Black State
Quadruple Alliance
Bet on Daxia
You are a bunch of stupid idiots
Listen up, you four countries withdraw immediately
Submit a surrender
And confess your crimes in the history books
Do you understand?
In addition
The damage you caused to all aspects of my building
All compensation according to the price
If it is less righteous
You don't need to exist
Make sure it's all in place.
Remember that Great Xia is no longer the drooping tax collector 100 years ago
I'm not a weak sheep to be bullied by
If you dare to provoke again
I don't mind letting you die miserably
Manchu Qing
Open Global Alipay
Let people around the world
See the ugly faces of these invaders
You face me in front of the people of the world, Daxia
Apologize to every descendant of Yanhuang Dynasty
Otherwise you will go to hell
Go and meet your ancestors
Hey, I, I, I, I, I apologize.
I'm sorry, it's our fault first
Shouldn't offend Daxia
We are guilty sorry
Oh, we Goryeo were wrong too
Yes, we are shameless, we are shameless
I promise it's all mountains
I'm not forgiving. I went through it.
I'm sorry.
We don't deserve to do it.
Do you think this is enough?
What do you think?